Clarify how agent passes state to anonymous func (#1380)
elixir-lang/elixir-lang.github.com: getting-started/mix-otp/agent.markdown

Then we define a `start_link/1` function, which will effectively start the agent. It is a convention to define a `start_link/1` function that always accepts a list of options. We don't plan on using any options right now, but we might later on. We then proceed to call `Agent.start_link/1`, which receives an anonymous function that returns the Agent's initial state.

> We are keeping a map inside the agent to store our keys and values. Getting and putting values on the map is done with the Agent API  and the capture operator `&`, introduced in [the Getting Started guide](/getting-started/modules-and-functions.html#function-capturing). The agent passes its state to the anonymous function via the `&1` argument when Agent.get and Agent.update are called, as described in the [documentation](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/Agent.html#get/3).

Reviewer: I would avoid the link to the docs since we don't link in other places :)

```suggestion
We are keeping a map inside the agent to store our keys and values. Getting and putting values on the map is done with the Agent API  and the capture operator `&`, introduced in [the Getting Started guide](/getting-started/modules-and-functions.html#function-capturing). The agent passes its state to the anonymous function via the `&1` argument when `Agent.get/2` and `Agent.update/3` are called.
```
